add support to output POM_VERSION, README fix (#3)
harness-community/drone-get-maven-version: README.md

> # Introducing the drone-maven-docker-image-builder Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Introducing the drone-get-maven-version Plugin
```

> At Harness, we are dedicated to enhancing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) processes by providing tools that simplify complex workflows. We understand the significance of seamlessly integrating Maven builds with Docker image creation. That's why we are thrilled to introduce the **drone-maven-docker-image-builder** plugin. This plugin streamlines the process of accessing the POM Version, enabling you to effortlessly manage versioning and image creation in your CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Harness, we are dedicated to enhancing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) processes by providing tools that simplify complex workflows. We understand the significance of seamlessly integrating Maven builds with Docker image creation. That's why we are thrilled to introduce the **drone-get-maven-version** plugin. This plugin streamlines the process of accessing the POM Version, enabling you to effortlessly manage versioning and image creation in your CI/CD pipelines.
```

> ### What is the drone-maven-docker-image-builder plugin?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is the drone-get-maven-version plugin?
```

> The **drone-maven-docker-image-builder** plugin is a versatile tool designed to simplify the integration of Maven builds with Docker image creation. This plugin automates the process of fetching the POM version in your maven project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **drone-get-maven-version** plugin is a versatile tool designed to simplify the integration of Maven builds . This plugin automates the process of fetching the POM version in your maven project.
```

    docker run --rm \
    -e PLUGIN_POM_PATH=${POM_PATH} \
    -v $(pwd):$(pwd) \
    -w $(pwd) \

>     harnesscommunity/maven-docker-image-builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    harnesscommunity/get-maven-version
```

>             image:  harnesscommunity/drone-maven-docker-image-builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            image:  harnesscommunity/drone-get-maven-version
```

            settings:
                pom_path:  path-to-your-maven-project

### Plugin Options

The Maven Docker Image Builder Plugin offers the following customization option:

- **pom_path**: The path to your Maven project. You should replace ${POM_PATH} with the actual path to your Maven project.

> This environment variable is crucial for configuring and customizing the behavior of the drone-maven-docker-image-builder plugin when executed as a Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment variable is crucial for configuring and customizing the behavior of the drone-get-maven-version plugin when executed as a Docker container.
```

> ### Get Started with the Maven Docker Image Builder Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get Started with the Get-Maven-Version Plugin
```
